# Proposal
## 1. What is submission type (Presentation, Panel, BoFs)

It will be a presentation.

## 2. What is the category for your proposal (Use Cases, Core Project Updates, Experiments and Extension Projects). Include a note stating – More categories will be announced tied to the developer community such as Java, Node, Ruby, and others. Check back to submit talks in these categories.

It is a Core Project Update that also has Use Case elements.

## 3. Provide a biography, including your previous speaking experience
Josh has been working on the release integration team for CloudFoundry as a representative of Dell/EMC since July 2016.  In that time, he has used BOSH to deploy, test, debug, and do most things that BOSH can do. Before working in DevOps on CloudFoundry, Josh worked as a Ruby-on-Rails developer for MathWorks, as an English teacher in Japan, and as a Mac Systems Administrator for MIT's Language Learning and Resource Center. Josh has started and served as President for two Toastmasters clubs: one in Japan and one at MathWorks, speaking many times at those organizations on a variety of topics.

Jesse Alford has been working on various parts of Cloud Foundry for over three years. He's the engineering anchor of the Cloud Foundry Release Integration team in San Francisco. He is frenemies with BOSH (although if the new CLI cleans up its act on error messages and documentation, they may be able to put all that behind them). He developed his current habit of insisting all bios contain the phrase "he crafts his own keyboards, like the masters of eld" when presenting at various software testing conferences over the last few years. His cats do not know how to deploy Cloud Foundry, even with the much simpler new process.

## 4. Provide a session abstract covering what you would like to present. This abstract is what will be used on the event schedule if your submission is selected.

Manifests using BOSH's 1.0 manifest schema are a pain. They are too long and complex. They are hazardous to share freely. They offer a painful choice: deploy the manifests generated by the tools without modification, or incur excessive manual work to update customized manifests when you upgrade. Even when manifests aren't modified at all, there may be manual work required to generate new properties needed in the stub files consumed by the manifest generation tools. So, it comes as no surprise that people tend not to continuously deploy new versions, despite the obvious benefits of keeping up to date.

The BOSH 2.0 manifest schema in combination with the new CLI allow us to solve a lot of these pains, and in this talk we will show how we've used new BOSH features to go from our old spiff-based, multiple-deployment, rigid and script-heavy approach, to a simple, reusable and open approach that requires a single command with two variables for most users.

## 5. Describe who the audience is and what you expect them to gain from your presentation.
We'll be addressing anyone who deploys open-source CF for production, development, or testing purposes, including those who use bosh lite or otherwise only need it for integration. We'll also be addressing people (for example those deploying things other than CF with BOSH) who are interested in our experiences using the new BOSH manifest schema and CLI. We expect both groups to gain an understanding of the new BOSH features and how we've used them to significantly improve the deployment experience for CF.

## 6. Tell us how the content of your presentation will help Cloud Foundry community.
We've been at the forefront of using new BOSH features on a complicated and highly relevant piece of BOSH-deployed software: Cloud Foundry. The lessons we've learned as early adopters of these new features and the background we can provide on CF's new distribution strategy should be invaluable.
## 7. Select the experience level (Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, Any) of those who should attend this session.
Beginner-Advanced, some experience deploying anything with BOSH would be useful, but not strictly required.
## 8. List any technical requirements that you have for your presentation over and above the standard projector, screen and wireless Internet.
None necessary - we're fine with a projector and plan to bring a laptop.


